fix(oauth2): validation on ttl (#10068)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  [#9877](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9877)
- **JWT**: Deny requests that have different tokens in the jwt token search locations. Thanks Jackson 'Che-Chun' Kuo from Latacora for reporting this issue.
  [#9946](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9946)

> - **OAuth2**: `refresh_token_ttl` is now limited between 0 and 100000000 by scheme. Previously the larger number causes requests to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OAuth2**: `refresh_token_ttl` is now limited between `0` and `100000000` by schema validator. Previously numbers that are too large causes requests to fail.
```

  [#10044](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10044)
- **OpenTelemetry**: Fix non-compliance to specification for `http.uri` in spans. The field should be full HTTP URI.
  [#10036](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10036)
- **OAuth2**: `refresh_token_ttl` is now limited between `0` and `100000000` by schema validator. Previously numbers that are too large causes requests to fail.
  [#10068](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10068)

### Changed

#### Hybrid Mode

- Revert the removal of WebSocket protocol support for configuration sync,
  and disable the wRPC protocol.

>   [#9921](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9921)

Reviewer 2: Why did we remove this PR link? any explain?

Author: I don't know. Maybe a mistake when solving conflict. Let's add it back.
